------------Pending------------
1. need to manage validaiton or error if user not enter valid lenght pass
2. need to manage if user hit api of admin 
3. when changing the status on dashboard then date is not getting update correct and time is not getting update 
6. permission of things that admin can only do.(specificly to approve reject buttons). 
8. Feature 5 & 6 need to impliment 
9. user can able to login with username or email, when user enter data then data should get compared in lowercase 
10. functionality to add basic profile need to provide
11. due to point 9 there is issue created if user have same name then it can cause issue

-. when user enter mail in login then need to verify mail :- multiple ways
-. need to make components for filter and count notation and use where want
-. admin can import data from excel:- list of companys and can export old data and update it and reupload.

17. admin can see all AND user can see their's rejected company record  
16. gmail need to verify when registering user (user api to send api) 
18. much data so, create fixed table and in that infinite scroll to bring data and default 10 records
19. info tab on every page make it dymnamic and make it component and use it everywhere 
21. admin can again move a company to pending or reject from company page (do it on same page of company by configuration rights).
22. on pending page need to give option to see rejected companys.
23. Admin can delete company but what if applications are still there
24. In Admin, give functionality to import compnays from excel (default pending status).
25. delete functionality for multiple things and on rights basis also see its impacts.
26. user transaction in service for data consistancy
29. correct the return status all over (ex=> as when password is wrong then send 401 not 400).
30. for simple db operation doing multiple db operation optimize that (ex=> for simple udpate doing fetch and then update rather direct update)


-----------Partial Complete----------
12. loader work everywhere. (done initialy)
27. use authcontext insted of localstorage in frontend. - (done initialy)



-----------Completed------------------
4. when user change status to reject then data not comming correct - (Done)
7. logOut is currently defined on dashboard only so need to move in navbar - (done)
5. Mobile number non mandatory (done)
13. if admin rejects the request then need a reason to reject the record (done)
14. admin can see users registered and their info (Done)
20. when applying to a compnay popup open but navigation UI is apparing up (Done)
15. if user not exist (delete from db) and then request of page or api then error, need to handle (done with help auth middleware)
28. use navigate insted of location.href to navigate to another page. - (Done)




-------Reference sites------
1. Teal
2. Hunter
3. Simplify
4
